Here it is.
So I'm going to cut to the chase.
So long story short.
Your lowly daughter would rather not be worthy of Nan Ge
As long as he is willing to divorce and go back to his hometown to marry
The money is all yours.
What you said is true.
What are you?
Why should I believe you?
Believe it or not, ask around.
I advise you not to toast or eat fines
I see.
Since you are so capable
Then I want to increase the benefits.
I want you to give it to my daughter
Son arranges decent work
Yes, I will also send some more people to cooperate with you.
Provided you have to complete my task, no problem
Oh, what a fortune.
The old woman has been a servant at the seal all her life
Forest therapy
He also gave the jade Ruyi to that wild girl in Ningyuan
Humph
Now I trade him for money with my children for jobs
It's cheap for him
Smelly hillbilly
Still want to dream with me
Ning Yuan's mock exam results came out this time
Total score 409 points
Not only the first place in the tea class
Even still
Now the first place in the second and third grades of liberal arts
Still have a chance to go to college
Did you hear that? I can still get into college
You chat first
I'll see how Afan's friend is doing.
But still can't learn from scratch
Then you can't say anything nice
Ningyuan
Mom, why are you here?
I see my good daughter doing well in the country
I'm relieved too
Director Ge, this is my youngest daughter, Ningyuan
What do you think?